Your Name: Andrew Haas
Your UID: u0493118
The Date: 04/7/2017
The Class Number: CS 2420
The Assignment Number: 10
Your partner name (when appropriate): Mark Van der Merwe, u0920663

I pledge that the work done here was my own and that I have learned how to write
this program (such that I could throw it out and restart and finish it in a timely
manner).  I am not turning in any work that I cannot understand, describe, or
recreate.  Any sources (e.g., web sites) other than the lecture that I used to
help write the code are cited in my work.  When working with a partner, I have
contributed an equal share and understand all the submitted work.  Further, I have
helped write all the code assigned as pair-programming and reviewed all code that
was written separately.
	                      (Mark Van der Merwe, Andrew Haas)
 
Project Summary: 
	- Create a program to solve a password from a given hash. Be able to insert the password
	into an array.
	  
Design Decisions :
	- We decided to use the recursive helper method for the brute_force_attack.
	
	- We decided to use Java's built in LinkedList in Hash_Table_Chaining.
	  
	- We used a wrap method to make sure the indices wrap around the array for the 
	Hash_Tables.
	  
Notes To the TA: 
	-We decided to convert everything to strings to simplify our testing of Crack.java.
	
	- We made our testing of the Hash_Table classes be all in one file so that
	we could easily switch between which one we are testing.

Problem We Faced/Encountered: 
	- One problem that we face was that we were getting a lot of array index out of 
	bounds errors. We solved this by changing our while statement in insert and find to check if the 
	index in the array was null, and if it wasn't then we did another check to see if the values were the same.
	
	- Another problem we encountered was while we were testing Crack.java, we had difficulty trying to test
	if the values were correctly being added to the ArrayList of ArrayLists. We solved this by creating a 
	string that represents the values and then compared that to the output in string form.
	  
	
	  
	   